Lisa,

Paul and I are very grateful for all you did in making our day so wonderful.

Your kindness, diligence, and professionalism make you a rare jewel and a joy.

Again, thank you!



Paul and Maritza





Lisa,

It has been a whirlwind of happiness and excitement ever since the wedding!

I wish to express to you that the ceremony that you created for us was more than I had ever dreamed of.

You have such a beautiful spirit and it shows in your work.  You certainly chose the right work, or may I say it must have chosen you!  Words really do not express how thankful I am that you came into our lives.  The ceremony was breathtaking and it felt so right.  I thank you for being such a great person.  I will forever cherish my memories of that day.

Peace,

Jean Marie Fisher







Hi Lisa,

I wanted to thank you again for making our ceremony so special, and helping to make the whole evening perfect.  So many people have told me that they thought the ceremony was very beautiful, personal and unique.  That means so much and I can't thank you enough!  Thank you for the pictures too!



Mr. and Mrs. Dan Walsh





Hi Lisa,

Thank you for conducting an amazing ceremony.  It was better than we had imagined.  We appreciate the time and effort you put into it.

Have a great summer!



Sue & Scott Shirrell



.

..thank you so much, you did an amazing job..your words were beautiful and thoughtful.

we loved it!

thank you,



kayla boissoneau





Hi Lisa,

Thank you so much for the wonderful ceremony!  It was so much more than I expected; funny and sweet. And, I just want to say I am excited to see you again in August, when my cousin George and his fiance Stacy get married.  As they were going through the receiving line, they asked me about you, and I told them I would give them your card.  They said no need, as they had already hired you, I believe.  Small world!

Thanks again for such a wonderful start to an amazing day!



Sincerely,

Tracy (and Wayne)







Hi Lisa,

Just wanted to say a heartfelt "thank you" to you for making our day special in its own little way.  I am glad I contacted you...

Thanks again,



Numana





Hi Lisa!

...If I know anyone else who is getting married I will definitely give them your name, since you made our wedding wonderful!!!!



Thanks,

Jessica







Lisa,

George and I wanted to send you a quick note to say thank you for a beautiful ceremony.  We were overjoyed with how the entire day turned out.  Thank you so much!



Stacy and George Law





Lisa,

Thank you so much for being a part of our big day!  We will cherish the memories forever and can't thank you enough.  Our ceremony was beautiful and appreciate all your love and thoughtfulness!



The Pattens

Shaun & Erica





Lisa,

Thank you so much for officiating at our wedding.  You have made our day perfect!

We will remember you forever.



Heidi and Ryan Caissie





Thank You for your beautiful words on our special day!

We were so happy to have you as our JP!



Chelsie &Seth





Lisa,

Nathan and I could not thank you enough for all the time you spent with us to help personalize our wedding.  All of our warmest wishes to you.



Nathan and Brenda





Lisa & Tom,

Thank you Lisa for performing our ceremony.  It was beautiful.  Also thank you for being here for us.



Lisa and Dave





Hi Lisa, 

Thank you for the beautiful wedding you led for us.  Also thanks for you taking pictures for us.  Those pictures will be the most valuable memory of our whole life. 

Thanks a lot! 

CC





Lisa -
Thank you for the fantastic service, it was exactly what we were looking for and you captured us so well in such a brief time through our unhelpful emails we were speechless.  Again we cannot thank you enough for helping us pull this off in the few days that we had allotted ourselves.  May you bring much joy to others as you have us.
 

Sincerely,
Amanda and Zane



Lisa,
Thank you for being so kind and caring on our special day.  You were awesome and thank you for zipping my dress!
 

Best!
Charlotte and Fernando





Hello Lisa,
Jack and I want to say "Thank You" for a beautiful ceremony.  This all came together last minute (due to canceling services in Florida) but it was everything I could have dreamed about and more.  I know a large part is due to the man I love with all my heart and now who I call my husband.
Once again thank you for everything you did.
 

Heidi and Jack
 

 

Hi Lisa,
 

We just want to thank you for all your help!!!  I know there is more to do but we are so happy we found you, you're wonderful at what you do!  We are so excited to see everything come together and we love all the things you've shared with us!
Thanks again! : )
Janet & Gus
 



Hi Lisa,
Thank you so very much for performing a difficult ceremony seamlessly.  I think you did a wonderful job, as does Brian.  Our family was so moved by your delivery and ability to add a sweet and personal touch to it.  I hope you enjoyed it as well.  How were the bagpipes?  Ha Ha.  I think I was too nervous and excited and didn't really hear them.  I know I thought my wedding was perfect, and although I'm biased, my guests could not stop talking about how beautiful and touching it was.  They really enjoyed the binding ceremony.
...Thank you so much again.  We were lucky to have you and I hope you will stay in touch.
 

Our sincerest regards,
Jenn and Brian Haskell
 



Lisa,
 

I wanted to say thank you for all that you did for us.  The ceremony was beautiful and we couldn't have done it without you!  Also thank you for your wonderful follow up letter.  That was very kind of you.
 

Thank you again and I hope all is well.
 

Kind Regards,
Susan
 

 

Lisa,
Ray and I just want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for performing our ceremony.  You really went above and beyond.  We will always be grateful to you for this.  Our wedding would not have been so incredible if you weren't there to share that moment with us.
We just wanted to let you know that you will always be considered a friend to us.  Thank you so much for everything.
 

Sincerely,
Raymond and Jennifer Chisholm
 

 

Hello Lisa!!!
 

We just returned from Aruba and wanted to thank you very much for the beautiful job you did on our ceremony.  We absolutely loved it and ALL of our guests loved you and the words we chose!!
You really made it so special for us and we can't thank you enough.  It was just perfect!
Would you happen to have a copy of it still so I can put it in our album?
 

Thank you again!!
Janet & Gus
 



Hi Lisa,
 

...You did a GREAT job!!  We thoroughly enjoyed the service and would recommend you to anyone we know looking for a JP for their marriage ceremony.  We had a great time, and are so glad to have each other as husband and wife as we continue our life filled with new and interesting challenges!  There is no other person I'd rather do this with than Donna.
 

Thanks again for your help, your humor, and your great personality that made our event so wonderful!
 

Steve
 


Hi Lisa,
We just wanted to thank you for the beautiful ceremony - ...We had many compliments on your ceremony and your professionalism - thank you so much!
Amanda and John
 

 

Hi Lisa,
...Thank you so much.  The ceremony was perfect!  Exactly what we were looking for!  I wish I had it videotaped.  It's true what people kept saying, "It will be over before you know it."  So true!
Anyway thanks again!  The day was Wonderful : )
 

Andrea (and Ken) Huckins
 

 

Hi Lisa,
Just wanted to thank you for doing our wedding.  It was a great time, and everything came together beautifully.  Everyone loved the ceremony, they thought it was very simple but very lovely.  Matt's sister is going to be getting in touch with you soon about doing her wedding next year!  Thank you again!!
 

Jessica and Matt
 

 

Hi Lisa,
 

Please see our photos.  Everyone is still telling us what a beautiful ceremony it was!
 

Best regards,
Ping & Dave
 



Lisa was a wonderful choice for a justice of the peace.  She was so involved in helping us make our ceremony unique and special but also keeping it traditional.  She had so many amazing ideas and didn't stop until the ceremony was complete and perfect.  Lisa took so much interest in our relationship and what made us special and helped us translate that into our ceremony.
 

Lisa impressed not only my husband and I but many of our guests made positive comments about her calming presence.  Lisa also had a wonderful speaking voice, soft and calm but also with great emotion clearly heard through the hall by all our guests.
 

She made my husband feel comfortable, which wasn't an easy thing to do, considering his fear of talking in front of all our guests.
 

She was our best choice of people we chose to be part of our wedding.  Lisa was our favorite person we worked with during our wedding planning!  She made our day and the ceremony experience memorable.  We can't say enough!!  She was the one person who was a complete positive experience beginning to end.
 

Dedicated, caring, and it is clear she genuinely loves her job!!
 

Thank you for all your hard work!!
 

Stephanie and Kevin Crosby - October 30, 2011
 

 



Thank you, Lisa!  it was a very special ceremony and we appreciate that you took such care to make sure that it was nice for us : )
 

Have a great day!
Dusti
 



Lisa,
 

Thank you SOOOO much for helping to make our day so special - you and Sheryl were the best!!! ...It all worked perfectly...so anyway thank you again so much for everything.  It went exactly as I planned it and couldn't have been more perfect.  If I know of anyone in need of a JP you will surely be the first person I recommend : )
 

Bonnie Latino
 



Hi Lisa,
 

Thank you for your message.  I am very happy that we have you as the justice of the peace.  It (was) so nice a ceremony, even though it's very small, that we will remember forever.
 

Also thanks a lot for your picture of me and Ming walking to the bridge.  It's very sweet!
 

All the best!
CC

 

Lisa,
Thank you so much for everything.  The way you added my dad into our wedding ceremony was such an emotional and happy feeling and there are not enough words to express how much that means to me.  Lisa, you have such a caring heart, it shows you do this not just for an income, but also what you feel in your heart.  Our Sunset Wedding is a memory that will be treasured as a wedding should be, but you just made it that much more special considering the circumstances.  Lisa I will ALWAYS be grateful for what you have done for us.  We know that every couple that you marry will feel the same and will see what a caring heart you have.  Again thank you for the pictures and everything. When we can we would love it if you would come and do a ceremony so we can renew our vows, a time when my parents can be there.  God Bless, Lisa, you truly are a gift from God.
 

God Bless,
George and Wendy
 

 

...Everyone really enjoyed your ceremony.  I'm sitting here talking with my parents and never realized this was the first outdoor, non-church wedding my 84-year old mother has ever attended. She loved it!
 

Dave
 



Ping and I just want to thank you again for such a wonderful ceremony.  Everyone has been telling us what a wonderful ceremony it was, and you were a large part of the reason why.
 

...We were very impressed with the way you wove together everything we told you and built on it with your own research. Until you said it at the ceremony, I hadn't even realized that Kevin was born on Moon Festival!
 

Dave
 

 

Thank you so much Lisa for a perfect and wonderful ceremony!!  When any of my friends get married (I) am giving them your information!  We had such a beautiful day, thank you so much for all of your hard work and wisdoms!
 

XO Wendy and Alan Autino!
 



Lisa,
Thank you so much for all of your help in making our wedding day special!  You did a wonderful job at our ceremony and you made both of us feel so comfortable with everything.  We got so many compliments from our guests about you and the ceremony.  Thanks again for everything!  It was a pleasure working with you during such a special time!
 

Sincerely,
Amanda and Denis Melanson
(Married October, 2011)
 

 

...By the way - my dad said the ceremony and all the words said, was his favorite part of the whole day.
 

Happy Thanksgiving to you as well.
Stephanie (Lawrence) and Kevin Crosby